# A "todo" list API
_A very simple API for using a cloud based to-do list_

### Live on Heroku
[Check it out here](https://trevdev-todo-api.herokuapp.com/)

### API Endpoints
_All methods concerning todo lists require an Auth header token that's created and returned to you by logging in_
#### GET:
* /todos - Get all incompleted items on the todo list
* /todos/id - Get specific todo item by id (Eg. todos/2)
* /todos/completed - Get all completed todos

_Search parameters_
* /todos?completed=true Same as /todos/completed
* /todos?q=search Filter by search query. Example: /todos?q=dog&completed=true - will return all dog related todos that are completed

#### POST: Done in JSON format
* /todos - Add a todo item. {"description": "A todo item", "completed": false}
* /users - Add a new user. {"email": email@example.com, "password": "12345"}
* /users/login - Login an existing user. {"email": email@example.com, "password": "12345"} _sends back a login token in the Auth header to be used for all future requests_

#### DELETE:
* /todos/id - Delete a todo list item. Eg /todos/2 - will delete todo item with the id of 2
* /users/login - Logout an existing user. Requires Login Auth Header generated by logging in.

#### PUT:
* /todos/id - Update a todo list item. Format is JSON, eg: {"description": "A todo item", "completed": true}

### TODO (lol)

- [x] Convert static object of todo items into a database.
- [x] Add the ability to add/remove/modify todo items
- [x] Add user authentication
- [x] Use tokens to access specific user todos

### A note on Databases
This app is setup to use postgres on the live server (heroku). If you clone or download this git and run NPM install, it should work locally using sqlite.